story recapped here today i'm going to show
a 2020 south korean zombie film called alive
spoilers ahead watch out and take care june
wu wakes up alone in his family's upper floor
apartment he sees a note from his mother that
the rest of the family has left and telling him
to get groceries as there's little food in the
pantry june woo starts up a computer game and
starts streaming his gaming is disturbed when
his playmates bring something up from the news
june wu checks the tv and sees a large number of
violent behaviors and assaults have been reported
as he watches the news he hears the commotion
from outside and sees people running screaming
and some people violently biting and scratching
one another hearing noises also coming from the
hallway june wu checks it and a person bursts into
june woo's apartment saying that he's a neighbor
junwoo asks him to leave but he refuses jun wou
then grabs a knife and sees that his neighbor's
eyes have started bleeding indicating that
he's infected and that he'll start to turn soon
within seconds the neighbor starts snarling and
attacks junwu junwoo struggles but is able to
push his neighbor out the door where
an infected individual feasts on him
june wu barricades the door with his refrigerator
and watches the news he receives messages from his
mother and learns that they too are hiding but he
can't contact them as the reception has gone done
he rations what remaining food he has left
and prepares to hold out the next day he
learns from the news that the infected exhibit
cannibalistic behavior and should be avoided
the virus is transmitted through blood contact
from bites or stab wounds june wu then decides
to upload a photo of him his location to social
media hoping that someone might see it he puts his
smartphone on a small drone and tries to fly it up
in hopes of getting reception this idea fails as
his drone doesn't have enough battery left june
wu sees a police officer running in the streets
fighting off the infected but is quickly overcome
joonwu tries calling out to the police officer but
is unable to help he hears that incoming from
the barricaded door and sees that an infected
has managed to make it in the infected tries
to push the refrigerator barricade and june was
forced to climb out to the balcony the pursuing
infected runs after him but falls off the edge
a few days pass and junwoo resorts to drinking
liquor to keep himself hydrated he learns from
the news that the infected have still managed to
retain some kind of intelligence able to do simple
tasks such as opening doors some are even reported
to remember skills acquired from their profession
two weeks pass and june wu dances around drunk
on ram he hallucinates seeing his family come
back from their trip and he hugs his mom he snaps
out of his days and breaks down crying he later
tries to get reception by placing his smartphone
at the end of a selfie stick and extending it out
the balcony he reaches out and finally gets
a voice message from his family he plays the
message and learns that his mother father and
sister are all together hiding at his father's
office june wu is distraught to hear his mother's
message slowly turn to screaming and crying
he listens to his family get eaten alive
and die at the hands of the infected
not knowing what else to do juno grabs a golf
club and storms the hallway full of infected
he tries to beat and clobber as many of
them as he can cursing and shouting at them
the ruckus attracts more of the infected in
june is quickly overwhelmed he snaps out of
his rage and realizes he needs to get back he
sneaks around the hallway past a few infected
people and is able to hide and sneak his way back
into his apartment on day 20 he sees explosions
in the metropolis area and the power and water
go out left with no food no water and no family
junwoo decides to end his life he makes a noose
out of wires and hangs himself in the living room
as he chokes he sees a laser light shining at him
from an apartment in the building adjacent to his
he quickly tries to get himself off the
noose and eventually falls to the floor
he runs to the window and sees a woman looking at
him through binoculars he waves at the woman and
she waves back eubin stares through her binoculars
at a man who just attempted to kill himself she
hears a noise coming from outside her hallway and
prepares to activate an improvised trap she made
in case of the infected breaking through her door
the noise subsides and she falls to sleep june woo
wakes up the following morning looking for you
ben they exchange names by showing it through
their mobile devices but they're interrupted
when an infected enters you ben's apartment
it gets caught in her trap and she quickly kills
the infected with an axe the next day yubin sees
that junwu is hungry and tries to throw a rope
across to june wu's apartment it falls to the
street in the middle of a crowd of infected june
wu sees this and gets his drone and flies rope to
you bin's apartment with a physical connection you
then send some food to junwoo and he thanks her
as he eats he sees the rope you been had thrown
earlier and an infected fireman using it to climb
up as the fireman pulls the table the rope is
attached to flies across the room hitting you bin
and knocking her out june wu scatters to get his
drone to fly out and knock the fireman off of the
rope he tries his best to distract the climbing
infected man but the drone gets smashed to pieces
just as the fireman reaches you ben's balcony
she shows up and cuts the fireman's hand off
with an axe later that night junwu heads out
to his neighbor in search of food and supplies
he makes it to the next door apartment and finds
supplies like climbing equipment and camping gear
seeing that his neighbor was an avid
hiker just as he's picking up the food
his neighbor attacks and a struggle ensues
june wu fights back and manages to escape
from the apartment he got more food water and some
supplies including a pair of walkie-talkies he
sends one to your bin via the rope connection
and the two start communicating through them
the pair share a meal together with you've
been noticing that they like the same food
june woo thanks you been for saving his life
euban refuses to take credit saying that she
didn't save his life and he saved his own life
with his decision to survive it's revealed that
you've been an also attempted suicide with
a broken news shown hanging from her ceiling
a few days later and the horde of infected on the
streets start running and enter their buildings
the infected run through the corridors
searching for any survivors they come across
yubin sees that the eighth floor in june
wu's building is the quietest and decide
they should head there euban repels to the
streets and finds a gun she fights off the
infected and is almost overrun but june wu
appears and the two head to the eighth floor
on the eighth floor they encounter a group of
infected and get cornered at the end of a hallway
luckily a door opens and a man appears
rescuing them from the infected
they enter the man's apartment and share a
meal he informs them that he heard talks of
rescue teams over the radio and that they'll be
rescued soon as they ate yubin sees a picture
of a couple and their child she also sees milk
bottles but doesn't see any signs of a child
she asks the man where his kid is but the man
says he doesn't have one june wu faints and
euban realizes they have been drugged and that
the man isn't who he says he is the man gets up
and drags a week and you've been to a room where
his infected wife awaits the man thanks them for
coming as his wife had been starving for days he
traps you ben with his wife and holds the door
locked junwu gets up points the gun at the man and
threatens to shoot if he doesn't let you been go
the man lets go of a rope holding back his wife
and junwoo dives for the rope dropping his gun
uben is heard screaming while the man bargains
with junwu saying he let him live as long as
you've been remains the screaming inside
the room stops and jun will assume the worst
the man unlocks the door opening it you've been
covering the infected wife's face with a blanket
and letting it loose on the man as the wife bites
the man's neck you then shoots them both but the
gunshots attract the horde of infected with no
hope in sight you've been decides they should
kill themselves before the horde arrives june
wu complies and forces himself to aim the gun
at you then just as he's about to pull the trigger
they hear helicopters passing by they quickly run
up to the roof with the infected trailing them
closely the pair are cornered on the roof and as
the infected burst through the door a helicopter
appears and soldiers start shooting at the horde
the two quickly get on the helicopter and they fly
away as they fly out june woo gets reception and
learns that a huge chunk of the metropolitan area
is affected with an estimated 50 000 infected he
also sees that many of the survivors have posted
their pictures and locations on social media
similar to what he did and that the rescue teams
are using this information to find and save them
subscribe to watch more videos
like this turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching